docs, bandwidth: Move bbrHostNamespaceOnly docs to its own section (#39067)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/bandwidth-manager.rst

We recommend to use BBR in particular for clusters where Pods are exposed as Services
which serve external clients connecting from the Internet.

BBR for The Host
################

> In legacy routing mode, it is not possible to enable BBR for non-host-network
> pods (``hostNetwork: false``) for the reasons mentioned above; however, it is

Reviewer: nit: non-host-network is a bit of a mouthful. We have a concept for this in Cilium documentation: Cilium-managed pods. For clarity we can keep the brackets.

Also whitespace following title.

```suggestion

In legacy routing mode, it is not possible to enable BBR for managed pods
(``hostNetwork: false``) for the reasons mentioned above; however, it is
```

Author: Done

possible to enable BBR for *only* the host network namespace by adding the
``bandwidthManager.bbrHostNamespaceOnly=true`` flag.

.. parsed-literal::

   helm upgrade cilium |CHART_RELEASE| \\
     --namespace kube-system \\
     --reuse-values \\
     --set bandwidthManager.enabled=true \\
     --set bandwidthManager.bbr=true
     --set bandwidthManager.bbrHostNamespaceOnly=true
   kubectl -n kube-system rollout restart ds/cilium

With ``bandwidthManager.bbrHostNamespaceOnly``, processes in the host network

> namespace, e.g. pods that set ``hostNetwork`` to ``true``, will use BBR.

Reviewer: nit: Avoid latin abbrevations: https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/contributing/docs/docsstyle/#don-t-use-latin-abbreviations 
```suggestion
namespace, including pods that set ``hostNetwork`` to ``true``, will use BBR.
```

Author: Done
